feat(jest-environment): Pass global config to Jest environment constructor (#12461)
facebook/jest: docs/Configuration.md

});
```

> You can create your own module that will be used for setting up the test environment. The module must export a class with `setup`, `teardown` and `getVmContext` methods. You can also pass variables from this module to your test suites by assigning them to `this.global` object &ndash; this will make them available in your test suites as global variables. Besides, you can access [global config](https://github.com/facebook/jest/blob/491e7cb0f2daa8263caccc72d48bdce7ba759b11/packages/jest-types/src/Config.ts#L284) and [project config](https://github.com/facebook/jest/blob/491e7cb0f2daa8263caccc72d48bdce7ba759b11/packages/jest-types/src/Config.ts#L349) in its constructor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create your own module that will be used for setting up the test environment. The module must export a class with `setup`, `teardown` and `getVmContext` methods. You can also pass variables from this module to your test suites by assigning them to `this.global` object &ndash; this will make them available in your test suites as global variables. The constructor is passed [global config](https://github.com/facebook/jest/blob/491e7cb0f2daa8263caccc72d48bdce7ba759b11/packages/jest-types/src/Config.ts#L284) and [project config](https://github.com/facebook/jest/blob/491e7cb0f2daa8263caccc72d48bdce7ba759b11/packages/jest-types/src/Config.ts#L349) as its first argument, and [`testEnvironmentContext`](https://github.com/facebook/jest/blob/491e7cb0f2daa8263caccc72d48bdce7ba759b11/packages/jest-environment/src/index.ts#L13) as its second.
```
